This is the CV of Mr. Gunter Liszewski.

NOTE: This page, here, at address http://www.bteco.ltd.uk/people/Gunter.Liszewski/CV
      is in the process of beig made...
      
NOTE: The approach, here, on this page is to talk about the work
      of the author. The `format' is to be simple, TEXT. It is
      aimed to enable pasting this content into other web applications.


<!-- CV of Gunter Liszewski, Director, Bteco Limited -->

IT Infrastructure


Experience


IT SERVICE UNIT MANAGER FOR NETWORKING AND 

COMMUNICATIONS, WESTERN EDUCATION AND LIBRARY BOARD


Responsibilities for business technologies, including the 

network infrastructure; architecture, procurement, implementation, support and operation of the organisations 

virtual computing infrastructure including Cisco Network 

Switches, Routers, and Firewalls, VMware ESX, Fujitsu Blade servers, Windows Servers, and Desktop operating systems and applications, Unix based systems including SunOS, Linux, 

VMware ESX virtual machine hypervisor.


Competencies in areas that include system management, administration, and troubleshooting, at multiple layers, 

including operating system level, as well as application level. Competencies in facilitating languages, tools, and systems that 

include Unix shells, Windows DOS command line, Perl, Power-shell, Pick, Reality , RealityX database management operating systems, PROC terminal control language, ENGLISH database 

query language, DATA/BASIC programming language. 


COMPUTER PROGRAMMER, WELB


System programming achievements including: development, design, and programming, deployment of a bespoke archive 

and backup system application; development  of system tools 

to analyse user experience and system performance, via the 

monitoring of user processes.


Application  level development include the addition of bespoke 

functionality to the organisation's payroll and personnel system, 

including an absence monitoring facility, Equal Opportunities data management and analysis applications; Macintosh hosted 

database applications, including the development, deployment, support, and maintenance of 4th-Dimension
client-server database application, including: Boards of Governors data management,   performance assessment 

management of Principals of Schools, Youth Leader training and qualification management application.


COMPUTER OPERATOR, WELB


System operations of the organisations computer systems that include: PDP11/34a running the RSTS/E operating system, 

McDonnell-Douglas computers running successive Versions of 

the Pick database management operating system, SunOS, 

Xenix, MS-Dos, Windows, Windows, Microsoft servers running on IBM-compatible hardware.


Education


1976, Matura in Cologne, West Germany, with the primary 

subjects of Mathematics, Physics, History, and Music.


Skills


Management, Networking, Development, Operations, Support.


Relevant Competencies


ILM management and leadership training, job selection training, Microsoft MCSE certification and training in a range of 

subjects, including, Microsoft Exchange server, PROXY Server, Windows operating systems, including Windows NT, Windows XP, Windows Servers, Linux Experience, Cisco IOS and PIX 

Experience.
